Ronald McDonald is in trouble. He is winning the election against Ham Burgler!

But he is winning so why is he in trouble you ask? 

Well you see, Mr. Burgler has hired you to hack into the voting systems in a few key states and alter the results, but without being detected.

The good news is voting machines are so insecure they are easy to hack. 
The voting machines use a simple checksum-ish method to ensure data integrity. When a voter submits their ballot the following things occur:

1) The first letter of the candidates last name gets added to an array.
  
  	['M','B']

2) The vote count is incremented

  	Total votes: 2

3) The character code of the first letter of the last name is added to the previous checksum value. 

	B = 066
	R = 082 ( I think this is supposed to be 'M')

	0 + 066 = 66

Then that value is divided by a secret key with the remainder being stored as the new checksum.

    66 / ???? = XXXX.314

	new checksum is 314

After the election is over the Elections Department counts the values in the array in #1 to see who won 
Then they ensure the count and checksum matches.

The developers of the election software accidentally left the "secret key" on a GitHub public repo. A quick glance at the code suggests that it is based on the date of the election.
	
	var secret_key = (monthIndex * dayIndex) - dayOfWeekIndex

    Where January has a month index of 1
    Sunday has a day of week index of 1
    Day is the numeric day of the month

    ie. for Nov 3rd 2021 the secret key would be (11*3)-3 = 30

Foriegn hackers working for Mr Burgler have infliltrated the networks of each critical county and can intercept the array from #1 above and modify it in transit. 

This is where you come in.

First build the program that returns the checksum and vote total given an array of votes and the date of the election

Then your job is to create another function that will alter that array in such a way as to both ensure Ham Burgler wins and that the values from #2 and #3 are maintained so that poll watchers won't be able to detect the fraud. 

If you are successful Mr. Burgler promises to make you Minister of Voter Fraud Organization (a new governmental organization that is charged with protecting the integrity of our elections).  

Submission Instructions:

Let us know your deadline before you begin (date of the election)

If anything isn't clear about the requirements ask questions before you begin.

Use your favorite language / framework and include instructions for running and building if necessary

Code your submission and post it to your public GitHub account

Commit often

Once completed share the github link with us

We will pull down the code and build/run the program and see if we can thwart our own mock election. 


